+++
title = "Information Retrieval and Identification in Textual Documents"
date =  2013-05-26T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Kheireddine Abainia**", "Siham Ouamour", "Halim Sayoud"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*Doctoriales Télécommunications et Traitement de l’information, USTHB*"
publication_short = "*DTTI'2013*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = """
In this Doctorate thesis we will deal with one of the Artificial Intelligence fields, that is the Data Mining field and especially the Text Mining. In this work we take forums as the main purpose of our application. Our work is divided into three parts related to the information retrieval, the first part is the automatic language identification, the second one is theme recognition, and the last part is author recognition or authorship attribution. In this paper discusses the problem of automatic language identification (LID). The result shows that the used algorithm is powerful and an efficient algorithm.
"""
abstract_short = """

"""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = [""]

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Citations: 0", url = ""}]

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
doi = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++
