+++
title = "Effective language identification of forum texts based on statistical approaches"
date =  2015-12-06T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Kheireddine Abainia**", "Siham Ouamour", "Halim Sayoud"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*Journal of Information Processing & Management, Vol. 52, No. 04*"
publication_short = "*IPM'16*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = """
This investigation deals with the problem of language identification of noisy texts, which could represent the primary step of many natural language processing or information retrieval tasks. Language identification is the task of automatically identifying the language of a given text. Al- though there exists several methods in the literature, their performances are not so convincing in practice. 
In this contribution, we propose two statistical approaches: the high frequency approach and the nearest prototype approach. In the first one, 5 algorithms of language identification are proposed and implemented, namely: character based identification (CBA), word based iden- tification (WBA), special characters based identification (SCA), sequential hybrid algorithm (HA1) and parallel hybrid algorithm (HA2). In the second one, we use 11 similarity measures combined with several types of character N-Grams. 
For the evaluation task, the proposed methods are tested on forum datasets containing 32 different languages. Furthermore, an experimental comparison is made between the proposed approaches and some referential language identification tools such as: LIGA, NTC, Google translate and Microsoft Word. Results show that the proposed approaches are interesting and outperform the baseline methods of language identification on forum texts.
"""
abstract_short = """

"""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["automatic-language-identification"]

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = []

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
doi = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++
