+++
title = "DZDC12: A New Multipurpose Parallel Algerian Arabizi-French Code-Switched Corpus"
date =  2019-03-22T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Kheireddine Abainia**"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*Language Resources and Evaluation Journal*"
publication_short = "*LREV'2019*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = """
Algeria's socio-linguistic situation is known as a complex phenomenon involving several historical, cultural and technological factors. However, there are three languages that are mainly spoken in Algeria (Arabic, Tamazight and French) and they can be mixed in the same sentence (code-switching). Moreover, there are several varieties of dialects that differ from one region to another and sometimes within the same region. This paper aims to provide a new multi-purpose parallel corpus (i.e., DZDC12 corpus), which will serve as a testbed for various Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Information Retrieval (IR) applications. In particular, it can be a useful tool to study Arabic-French code-switching phenomenon, Algerian Romanized Arabic (Arabizi), different Algerian sub-dialects, sentiment analysis, gender writing style, machine translation, abuse detection, etc. To the best of our knowledge, the proposed corpus is the first of its kind, where the texts are written in Latin script and crawled from Facebook. More specifically, this corpus is organised by gender, region and city, and is transliterated into Arabic script and translated into Modern Standard Arabic (MSA). In addition, it is annotated for emotion detection and abuse detection, and annotated at the word level. This article focuses in particular on Algeria's socio-linguistic situation and the effect of social media networks. Furthermore, the general guidelines for the design of DZDC12 corpus are described as well as the dialects clustering over the map.
"""
abstract_short = """
This paper aims to provide a new multipurpose parallel corpus (i.e., DZDC12 corpus), which will serve as a testbed for various Natural Language Processing
(NLP) and Information Retrieval (IR) applications. In particular, it can be a useful tool to study Arabic-French codeswitching phenomenon, Algerian Romanized Arabic (Arabizi), different Algerian sub-dialects, sentiment analysis, gender writing style, machine translation, abuse detection, etc.

"""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "", url = ""}]

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
doi = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++
