+++
title = "Detecting Algerian Sub-Dialects of On-Line Commentators in Social Media Networks"
date =  2018-10-25T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Kheireddine Abainia**"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*The 3rd International Conference on Pattern Analysis and Intelligent Systems*"
publication_short = "*PAIS'2018*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = """
The amount of textual information written in Romanized Arabic (or Arabizi) is increasing exponentially day-by-day, when investigating automatic methods to process such texts is becoming a need. Hence, in this investigation, we are addressing the identification of Algerian sub-dialects of social media comments written in Romanized Arabic. Moreover, we address the Arabizi-French code-switching phenomenon.
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work addressing the tackled problem on written documents. Accordingly, we propose a new corpus (DZDC12 corpus), and the general guidelines to collect the texts as well.
	As a first attempt to deal with the Algerian sub-dialects identification, we use two state-of-the-art tools of language identification (langid.py and LangDetect), as well as three classifiers (i.e. SVM, Multinomial NB and Gaussian NB) based on a heuristic of features selection. The evaluation conducted on the DZDC12 corpus showed low performances, as well as confirmed our expectation that the tackled problem requires an extensive study to select the reliable feature set.

"""
abstract_short = """
In this work, we introduce a new research field (Algerian dialects identification), which is still in its infancy. More specifically, we briefly highlight the socio-linguistics situation in Algeria, as well as we present an attempt to cluster Algerian dialects over Algeria's map. Finally, we evaluate and compare the state-of-the-art tools of language identification on this sub-field of LID, where the experimental results figured out that the tackled problem is more difficult and requires more investigations.
"""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["natural-language-understanding"]

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "", url = ""}]

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
doi = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++
