+++
title = "Toward Accurate Social Media Language Identification: Combining Language Features with a Graphical Approach"
date =  2018-10-25T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Kheireddine Abainia**"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*The 3rd International Conference on Pattern Analysis and Intelligent Systems*"
publication_short = "*PAIS'2018*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = """
Language identification (LID) is a primordial step of several NLP applications, and it consists of automatically recognizing the natural language in which the text is written. Hence, it faces three major issues: noisy and short texts, multilingual texts, and similar languages.
	In the investigated work, we address the benchmarked problem of LID of Twitter messages, where we present an effective approach (HAG) to deal with the three difficulties. The HAG approach is a combination of a graphical approach and a statistical approach, and does not require a large training set unlike existing approaches of LID. Furthermore, it can be trained with any source of texts including noisy and short texts.
	The empirical evaluation was undergone on a Twitter corpus regrouping tweets written in 31 languages, while our proposal was trained on a small corpus of discussion forum messages. In addition, our proposal was compared with the-state-of-the-art tools of LID, i.e. langid.py and LangDetect, and the results showed that the HAG approach maintains consistently high performances (over 87% of accuracy)."""
abstract_short = """
In this work, we propose a hybrid approach between two statistical methods, which can be trained with a small corpus of any source (including noisy short texts).
"""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["automatic-language-identification"]

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "", url = ""}]

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
doi = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""
  
# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "lid.png"
caption = ":smile:"

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++
