+++
title = "Bio-inspired Approach for Inverse Kinematics of 6-DOF Robot Manipulator with Obstacle Avoidance"
date =  2018-10-25T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Kheireddine Abainia**", "Yamina Mohamed Ben Ali"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*The 3rd International Conference on Pattern Analysis and Intelligent Systems*"
publication_short = "*PAIS'2018*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = """
This paper presents a bio-inspired approach for the inverse kinematics problem of 6-DOF serial manipulator. More specifically, we are addressing the trajectory planning and motion planning of the end-effector using the PSO algorithm. Hence, a multi-objective PSO has been investigated to plan the optimal trajectory of the end-effector by avoiding the obstacles, as well as we have introduced the virtual shortest path concept. On the other hand, we have proposed a combination of the modified PSO and the Tabu search algorithm to select the optimal configuration of the manipulator joints. Moreover, the energy consumed by the robot has been taken into consideration.
In order to assess the effectiveness of our proposal, it has been evaluated under different simulation scenarios, where the results figured out that our proposal is promising and can be applied to both robot manipulators and mobile robots.

"""
abstract_short = """

"""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "", url = ""}]

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
doi = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++
